Merge `package:lints` (#578)
dart-lang/core: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/lint-propoposal.md

Reviewer: I'd rename to `lints-proposal.md`; this will sort well w/ lints.md (and correct a typo).

---

> name: Add an existing lint to the `core` or `recommended` rule set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "package:lints - propose a change to the `core` or `recommended` rule set
```

about: Propose adding an existing lint rule to the `core` or `recommended` rule set.
title: ''

> labels: type-lint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
labels: ["package:lints", "type-lint"]
```

> assignees: ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
